as I check down here I'm able to find
the third piece of the will so I only
need one more piece in order to complete
the game that last piece of the wheels
when we locate at the top part of
toontown
inside here I'm going to grab the
baseball item you're going to need this
in order to distract the weasel guard at
the door so that you can get into the
factory when I get here I'm gonna use
the whistle to call Benny to jump over
this part of the road so I can skip part
of the driving area heading along the
road I passed the factory which is where
we have to go next come down here to
this building and grab the last piece of
the will
with the last piece of will in place is
now time to head to the factory inside
select the baseball and throw it to
distract the weasel that so you can get
in now it's time for the final battle
against judge doom now this battle is
extremely hard to deal with usually you
would have to use all the items in your
inventory that actually can do damage
such as the brick as well as the
crowbars however another strategy is to
use a punch combo the Judas punch combo
you have to press the punch button in
the right rhythm so that you charge it
while also continuing the punch getting
this rhythm down can take a little bit
and you may end up taking some damage
from judge doom anyway but this is
probably the best strategy in order to
actually be able to defeat him
mastering this little trick makes us
battle a heck of a lot easier because
normally this battle ends up being
really really tough to get past
once you deliver enough damage to judge
zoom he will fall off the platform that
you're fighting him on once this happens
the dip caning starts to shoot so what
you have to do is travel down the ladder
and climb up to the truck and grab the
dip cannon you then have to equip it
because judge doom isn't done yet
when you get to the bottom and walk over
just a little bit judge soon will spring
up and you have to match the attack
button before he's able to hit you with
one last punish which will instantly
kill you so make sure you deliver enough
shots of the dip cannon once you do that
Jessica and Roger are saved and you've
completed the game
just like many other movie license games
on the NES the ending isn't very
spectacular as we just have a few lines
of text and me and you written at the
bottom while many may not like to frame
Roger Rabbit
I have many fond memories of playing
this game as a kid and I always enjoy
putting it back in my any essence like I
said though the game can be very very
frustrating because of how random the
item placement can be so if you play the
game enough times you'll get the word
where the best places for these items
are and you can keep replaying until you
get them where you want and with that
that's going to wrap up this edition to
play it through I like to thank you for
watching and of course I hope you
enjoyed